Add new UI changes to ISO8583 Inbound Endpoint Example Document (#1174)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/connectors/iso8583-connector/iso8583-inbound-endpoint-example.md

This scenario demonstrates how the ISO8583 inbound endpoint works as an ISO8583 message consumer. In this scenario, to generate ISO8583 messages we use a sample Java client program.

> The ISO8583 inbound endpoint listens on port 5001 and acts as a ISO8583 standard message consumer. When a sample Java client connects on port 5001, the ISO8583 inbound endpoint consumes ISO8583 standard messages, converts the messages to XML format, and then injects messages to a sequence in the integration runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ISO8583 inbound endpoint listens on port `5001` and acts as an ISO8583 standard message consumer. When a sample Java client connects on port `5001`, the ISO8583 inbound endpoint consumes ISO8583 standard messages, converts the messages to XML format, and then injects messages to a sequence in the integration runtime.
```

<img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/iso8583-inbound-operations.png" title="ISO8583 inbound operations" width="800" alt="ISO8583 inbound operations"/>

> ## Set up the Inbound Endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set up the inbound endpoint
```

> 1. Follow the steps in the [Creating an Integration Project]({{base_path}}/develop/create-integration-project/) guide to set up the Integration Project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow the steps in [Creating an Integration Project]({{base_path}}/develop/create-integration-project/) to set up the integration project.
```

> 2. Add a new **ISO8583 Inbound Endpoint** by clicking **+** icon in the `Inbound Endpoints` and select `ISO8583 WSO2 Listener`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add a new **ISO8583 Inbound Endpoint** by clicking the **+** icon in **Inbound Endpoints** and select **ISO8583 WSO2 Listener**. 
```

   
    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/iso8583-inbound.png" title="Creating inbound endpoint Listener selector" width="800" alt="Creating inbound endpoint"/>
   

> 3. Provide Inbound Endpoint Name and Port values as shown below and click `Create`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Provide values for **Inbound Endpoint Name** and **Port** as shown below and click **Create**.
```

        <parameters xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">
            <parameter name="inbound.behavior">listening</parameter>
            <parameter name="port">5001</parameter>
            <parameter name="sequential">true</parameter>
            <parameter name="coordination">true</parameter>
            <parameter name="headerLength">0</parameter>
            <parameter name="coreThreads">1</parameter>
            <parameter name="maxThreads">3</parameter>
            <parameter name="keepAlive">1</parameter>
            <parameter name="queueLength">1</parameter>
        </parameters>
    </inboundEndpoint>
    ```
   
    !!! Note
        When creating the ISO8583 inbound endpoint you have two options in defining the injecting sequence and error sequence.
        <br/>- **Automatic**: Click the checkbox *Automatically generate sequence*
        <br/>- **Manual**: You can select already defined sequences as injecting and error sequences.<br/>
    
    !!! Info

>         In this example, we are using `Automatic` option and that will create an injecting sequence named `ISOInboundEndpoint-inboundSequence` and error sequence named `ISOInboundEndpoint-inboundErrorSequence`.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        In this example, we are using the **Automatic** option and that will create an injecting sequence named `ISOInboundEndpoint-inboundSequence` and an error sequence named `ISOInboundEndpoint-inboundErrorSequence`.<br/>
```

> 4. Implement the injecting sequence which process the message - `ISOInboundEndpoint-inboundSequence`.

Author: This is a sequence name. So we can keep it like this.

> 4. Implement the injecting sequence which process the message - `ISOInboundEndpoint-inboundSequence`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Implement the injecting sequence which processes the message - `ISOInboundEndpoint-inboundSequence`.
```

>     In this example for simplicity we will just log the message, but in a real world use case, this can be any type of message mediation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For simplicity, in this example you will just log the message. However, in a real-world use case, this could involve any type of message mediation.
```
